Hey, Claire.
Wanna see something great?
Who else was there?
It's an igloo.
- And?
- I made it.
Yeah, my brother.
Hey, Claire.
I can't. We're supposed to
go to my dad's that weekend.
The snowplows left some snow across
the street, and I dug a hole into it.
Max, go and play with your friends.
You, go that way.
No, don't talk to me like that.
You're just a fence.
You can go play
with your own fence friends.
Now, move out!
So sweet. Yeah.
That's gonna be awesome.
Hey, Claire. What's up? You ready?
Hey, guys.
And close them, okay?
Whoa!
Claire, is that your brother?
Come on!
Oh, yeah.
Get him. You're dead.
Yeah.
He is so dead.
Max, go away.
Got him! Yeah!
Get him. Come on, come on, come on.
You okay?
Come on, guys. Let's go!
Hey, I'm home.
Hey.
What's wrong?
Claire and her stupid friends
smashed my igloo.
She didn't do anything about it.
I'm sorry, honey.
I would have done something about it.
Max, what have you done?
Oh, my god.
No, I don't wanna bother you.
Just...
Just quickly...
Can you tell me exactly what
Mr. Lasseter didn't like about the report?
Well, what am I supposed to do?
No, I'm just tired,
and I've had a rough day here and...
I... I... I cannot afford to lose this.
I know, I know it.
But I better get started because
I'd like to turn it in in the morning.
No, I hear you. I hear you.
And this'll be the last time.
I promise, okay?
Thanks.
Hey.
Hi.
I could use a story.
Sure.
There were some buildings.
There were these really tall buildings...
And they could walk.
Then there were some vampires.
And one of the vampires
bit the tallest building...
And his fangs broke off.
Then all his other teeth fell out.
Then he started crying.
And then all the other vampires...
Said, "why are you crying?
Aren't those just your baby teeth?"
And...
And he said, "no.
Those are my grown-up teeth."
And the vampires knew that
he couldn't be a vampire anymore...
So they left him.
The end.
And the sun is the center
of our solar system.
It's the reason
all the planets are here.
Its warmth gives us sunlight,
makes our planet livable.
Of course the sun won't always
be here to keep us warm.
It, like all things, will die.
And when it does, first it expands...
Enveloping all the surrounding
planets, including earth...
Before consuming them rapidly.
The sun, after all, it's just fuel
burning ferociously.
And when it runs out of fuel,
well, it'll be gone.
And, well, after that, the solar
system will go dark permanently.
I mean, I'm sure by that time...
The human race will have fallen
to any number of calamities:
War, pollution...
Global warming, tsunamis...
Earthquakes, meteors.
But, hey, who knows, right?
Mom!
Mom, come up here.
Max, I'm busy.
I've rebuilt the fort!
You gotta get inside it.
The lava's coming.
Oh, and it's a rocket ship,
and it's gonna take off.
Here's looking at you.
Want me to save you a seat?
Oh, blessed liege.
You're really...
- Nice.
- Cute.
- No, really.
- You're really.
Hi, sweetie.
Claire?
It's almost dinner.
Get your stuff off the table, please.
Hey. Shh.
Mom, what is that?
Pâté.
Frozen corn.
What's wrong with real corn?
Frozen corn is real, all right?
Get off the chair, please. Tell your
sister to clear her stuff off the table.
Claire, get your stuff
off the dining room table!
Max, don't pull that now.
Max, get off the counter, please.
Get off.
I have a friend here.
You're embarrassing me.
Woman, feed me!
Max, get off the co... get off the counter.
Get off the damn counter, Max.
Now. Now.
- I'll eat you up!
- Get down!
Get off of there.
- Stop!
- Hey.
Get over here.
What is wrong with you?
This is not acceptable behavior.
You're not acceptable!
No dinner for you, Max.
Go to your room.
- Max, you bit me. That hurt!
- Connie, he can't treat you like that.
Max! What is wrong with you?
You're out of control!
It's not my fault!
Max!
I hate you!
Hello?
That's it. Tear them all down.
Tear them down.
Come on, we got a few more to go
over here.
Is anyone going to help me?
We like them. They're nice.
I mean, this is a problem.
Don't you see this is a problem?
I will...
No, I'll just do it myself.
Help. As usual.
Uh, Carol, could I talk to you
for a second?
No, Douglas, not right now.
- I'm busy. Okay.
Maybe they can't hear me from up here.
And I'm the only one
who cares enough to do this.
Or this.
Carol, is this really necessary?
Ask kw. You ask kw if it's necessary.
She's not here. She left.
Aha. She left. She left.
Exactly. That's why it's necessary.
Um, I will help.
Okay. Okay, good. Come on.
Come on, here you go.
Thank you. Glad to help.
Who else wants to lend a hand?
What do you think, Judith? Should I help?
You shouldn't help him.
I thought it'd make him feel better.
Good idea. Go stand
in this hut here before it gets wrecked.
I know. I know I shouldn't.
Ira, you're not helping. Go in the hut.
- I'll stand right over here.
- No!
This is crazy!
No, no, it was crazy already.
I'm just eliminating the crazy.
I don't think the crazy's
been eliminated.
Isn't anyone gonna
be on my side anymore?
Yeah, well...
I guess not.
Fine.
I'll just be on my own side...
By myself.
Nobody cares. I'm the only one
that cares that we don't stay together.
I'm the only one that cares
about that, so...
See? I care.
Carol.
And you don't care, and you stand there
and whisper to each other about me...
Like you always do.
Yeah, that's true.
But I know what I'm do...
- Ira, what is it?
- I don't know.
Hello.
See?
This guy gets it.
Hey, uh...
Weird little thing. I like the way
you destroy stuff. Good technique.
There's a spark to your work
that can't be taught.
- Thanks.
- All right, you see that one over there?
You get that one, I'll get this one.
- See who can do it faster, okay?
- Okay.
Go!
Hey.
- What are you doing?
- I... I...
- I'm just helping.
- By smashing our houses?
- These are your houses? Yeah.
- What's wrong with them?
- What are your houses like?
- I bet his houses are funny-looking.
- Look, we worked very hard on these.
Then you, sir, showed up
and started helping.
- I'm cold.
- Who are you?
Are you one of kw's new friends?
Oh, are you Bob or Terry?
I don't even know who that is.
- Looks like a Bob.
- Things are getting crazy here.
- This thing's dangerous.
- You're scaring me.
You know what I say.
You got a problem...
Eat it.
It's the only way to solve
these types of issues.
Only way.
He's probably got those little bird bones.
I hate those.
You have those bird bones
that are gonna cut my mouth?
- No, I don't have bird bones.
- You better not.
You better not be difficult to eat.
You even think of that?
God, you're selfish.
I hope you don't taste
as selfish as you look.
- Let's eat it.
- Stop.
- Stop! Look at him.
He's so delectable and so chewable.
Be still!
Why?
Be... because, well... well...
Be... because...
- Why?
- Well, because you can't eat me.
You didn't know that so I forgive you,
but never try again.
Why not?
I... I have powers from another land.
Powers? From ancient times.
Don't make me show you.
I had to show these vikings once.
- Vikings? What's a viking?
- Well...
They wear horned hats,
and they're big.
Bigger than all of you.
One time they attacked me
in my ice fortress.
They tried to cave in the roof,
but I had made it too strong.
I told them to be still, but they didn't.
I conquered them.
- I had to make their heads explode.
- What?
And then they realized that I knew
all the secrets to the world.
And then you know what happened?
- They made me their king.
- Whoa.
- King?
- You were a king?
I knew there was something special
about him. I told you guys.
So, wait, you exploded their heads?
Oh, come on. Our heads are bigger.
You can't explode big heads.
No, their heads were bigger
than yours, believe me.
But you're so small.
Small is good. My powers are able to
slip right through the cracks.
But what if the cracks are closed up?
I have a re-cracker,
which goes through that.
What if they have some material
re-crackers can't get through?
Then I have a double re-cracker, which can
get through anything in this universe.
And that's the end, and there's nothing
more powerful after that, ever. Period.
He has a double re-cracker.
He does sound powerful.
Yeah, but there has to be
some material somewhere...
- Maybe deep underground.
- Shh!
- If we combined it with something...
- Quiet. Be quiet.
I'm sorry. So...
You were their king,
and you made everything right?
Yeah.
Well, you know, what about loneliness?
What he's saying is,
will you keep out all the sadness?
I have a sadness shield
that keeps out all the sadness.
And it's big enough for all of us.
Wow.
And I do this to loneliness.
I knew it, I knew it.
When he showed up, I saw it.
Why don't you guys ever listen to me?
You're right, Carol. I didn't see it.
I don't understand.
He doesn't look like a king.
If he could be king, I could be king.
Were you the king where you came from?
Yeah. Yeah, for 20 years.
- That's impressive.
- That's incredible, right?
Wow. Looks like we found our king.
You are our king, right?
Yeah.
Yeah, I am.
- I'm so relieved.
- Sorry we were gonna eat you.
- We didn't know you were king.
- Insane.
- Yeah, I mean...
- Oh, my god, it's kw.
- What?
- Oh, hi, kw.
- Kw, good to see you.
I thought you were with
your new best friends, Bob and Terry.
What are you guys doing?
- Who is that? Kw, get in here.
You gotta hear this. We finally got a king.
- That's true.
- A very impressive one.
Yeah, kw, we got a king.
You and me could go for a walk,
and I'll tell you about it. Anytime.
You could carry me like a little baby.
Um...
Yeah, anyway,
I don't know if I'm sticking around.
I just came back...
To get that one stick that I left here.
Did anyone see it?
I'll help find it, kw.
I'm good at finding sticks.
Kw, he's very powerful.
Stop, stop. Don't push her.
She'll figure it out for herself.
Just leave her be, okay?
King. King, this way.
Your majesty, please.
Oh, look. He's gonna
make us happy, Judy.
Yeah.
But happiness isn't always
the best way to be happy.
Judith, stop.
He's small for a king.
- Am I nuts? He's small.
- That's what I said.
Alexander. Shh. Sorry.
I like it better when we have a king.
I like Carol better
when we have a king.
Hey, what happened to our houses?
They fell down.
Are those other kings?
They were there before we got here.
I never saw them.
I never even noticed them.
You okay?
Yeah.
You are now the king.
And you will be a truly great king.
Look at it.
It looks good on him, look.
He looks great. Our king!
- You look perfect.
- It looks perfect.
We have a king. Fresh king.
Finally. A king!
I know this part.
King, king, king...
Hey, king, what's
your first order of business?
Let the wild rumpus start!
Perfect answer!
You hear that?
Rumpus!
Come on. Come on, king.
Come on, kw, get in.
Rumpus!
Guys! Follow me.
What?
You're funny-looking. That's all.
Hey, king, king, king, watch this.
Hey.
Hey, jumping guy!
Jumping guy!
Hey, mister!
Wait up!
Hey, jumping guy! Hey!
Hey, king, watch this.
All right, tree, we'll settle this later.
Oh, look, everyone wants to be friends
with the new guy.
Well, this is our family. I hope you can
see how excited they are to have a king.
They have an odd way of showing it.
I mean, they act weird, you know,
and can hurt other people's feelings.
- Ira, my love? What?
- Come here. Okay.
Oh, that's Judith and ira.
They're in love.
Hey.
What are you thinking?
Watch me. Look.
That's Alexander.
Look, I hate this tree!
He just wants attention.
Don't give him the satisfaction.
Seventy-seven.
Seventy-eight. No, wait.
No, no. What was that?
- That's Douglas. That was 76.
- I count on him for everything.
- Well...
If I was stranded on an island
and I could only take one thing...
It'd be Douglas.
- We can share him if you want.
- That's good.
I might need one of those.
Douglas, no. No, no, no, stop.
That's not the way I want you
to do it. Here, I'll show you.
Whoa! How did that happen?
It was an accident.
I don't know how that happened.
We haven't formally met.
I'm ira.
I put the holes in the trees.
Maybe you saw those?
- Come here.
- Or maybe not.
Anyways, it's what I do.
It's not really important,
like the things that you do.
Oh, and this is Judith.
You don't really need to know me.
I'm kind of a downer.
King, that's not true.
- Hey, let me see your face.
- You could introduce me if you want.
Here, let me see your face.
What's that? Don't worry. Let me see it.
Whoa!
Good shot, Douglas.
Almost got me.
Almost not good enough.
We'll get him next time, won't we?
Yes. Oh, yes.
We will. We will.
Hey, what you doing?
Is she the one you were mad at
when you were smashing stuff?
Yeah. No, no.
No, it...
I thought she said
she wasn't gonna come back.
- Well, it looks like she's back now.
- Yeah.
Yeah, I hope so.
I'm gonna get her.
No, don't, don't! She doesn't like
that kind of thing. Come back!
Ira, my love, come here.
Hey, king, watch this.
King, I wouldn't recommend that.
Stop it.
Okay, stop it.
Go pick someone else's nose!
Max, look out.
Gotcha.
Whoa!
Alexander, get over there
and be social.
Let's be like this forever!
You guys never think this is me,
but this is really me.
He's starting things off right,
our king.
- Wow, this guy gets things done.
- That was...
- That was great.
- Yeah, that was great.
That was fun.
We forgot how to have fun.
That's true, Carol.
I mean, I didn't, but...
No, you didn't, Carol.
Kw, your toe's in my ear.
Good, you're keeping it warm.
Hey, who's on my face? Stop.
Oh, I'm sorry, Carol. It is you.
Oh, let me move.
Oh, I like this.
Let's be like this forever.
King having a problem?
My foot's stuck under this fat guy.
There.
- Thanks.
- I'm kw.
- I'm Max.
- I know.
Hey, so are you gonna stay?
- Well...
- They all want you to.
It's complicated. I don't even know
how everything got this way.
Things seem better now, though.
Yeah, well, they are.
Okay, king.
Hey, who are Bob and Terry?
Oh, they're really good friends of mine.
I don't even know how to describe them.
They're just different
from everybody here.
It's just different.
- Well, do you like them more than...?
- You ask a lot of questions.
So, what's your story?
Why'd you come here?
Well...
Well, I'm an explorer, and I travel a lot.
- And I travel by sea.
- Right.
I used to travel by air.
So obviously you have
no home or family.
I had one of those, but...
- But you ate them all?
- No.
No, I just bit one of them,
that's all, and...
They went crazy.
And...
I don't like frozen corn.
I'm sorry.
That's why you left?
They act like I'm a bad person.
Well, are you?
I don't know.
Well, I'm glad you came.
It'll be good to have someone around
who doesn't eat everybody.
I mean, you just bite everyone.
But biters aren't so bad.
Eaters are the ones I just can't stand.
I have no plans to eat anybody.
All right. Good.
Well, good night.
Good night, kw.
Good night. Good night, ira.
Night. Good night, Douglas.
Good night, Carol.
Good night, Judith.
Good night. Good night, Judy.
Good night, darling.
Good night. Night, Alex.
- Good night, king.
- Night.
Oh, good night, king.
Yeah, good night, king.
Boy, this is nice.
Good night, everybody.
Everybody, sweet dreams.
I didn't wanna wake you up...
But I really wanna show you
something.
- Okay.
- And on our way...
I can show you your kingdom.
This is all yours.
You're the owner of this world.
Everything you see is yours.
Oh, except that hole over there,
that's ira's.
The tree's yours, but the hole is ira's.
But everything else is yours.
Except for that rock over there, that's not
yours. That little rock next to the big rock.
But everything else in the kingdom...
Except for that stick. That little
stick right there, that's not yours.
I want you to be king forever, Max.
Yeah. Definitely.
Well...
This part of your kingdom's
not so good.
Why?
Well, look. This used to be all rock,
and now it's sand.
And then one day it's gonna be dust. And
then the whole island will be dust and...
And then I don't even know
what comes after dust.
Carol?
Did you know the sun was gonna die?
What?
I never heard that.
Oh, come on.
That can't happen.
I mean, you're the king,
and look at me. I'm big.
How could guys like us worry about
a tiny little thing like the sun?
Carol, what's that?
Oh, it's that dog.
Don't feed it, it'll just
follow you around.
Carol, wait up for me.
Wow.
Did you make this?
Yeah, yeah.
It's very good.
We were gonna make
a whole world like this, but...
Everyone used to come here...
But, you know...
You know what it feels like when all
your teeth are falling out really slowly...
And you don't realize...
And then you notice that,
well, they're really far apart?
And then one day...
You don't have any teeth anymore.
Yeah.
Well, it was like that.
All right, put your head right here.
Right here.
All right, now watch.
Wow. I wish I could live in there.
Yeah.
It was gonna be a place where only
the things you wanted to have happen...
Would happen.
Yeah.
I guess if that's not gonna happen, I'll
just probably end up eating my feet off.
Carol, we can totally build a place
like that.
- Really?
- We're gonna start with the perfect fort.
And then we're gonna
build the city around it...
Because we've gotta be realistic.
I mean, we need to start with
the perfect fort...
Then we'll build
the underground complex...
That's gonna tie everything together.
I like your brain, Max.
Hey! I'm not gonna
eat my feet off anymore.
- Well, why?
- Max is gonna build a fortress.
Yeah, it's gonna be as tall as
12 of you and six of me.
And only we can get in.
We can have an ice cream parlor.
A swimming pool with a bottom
that's a trampoline.
Hey, where were you?
We were just here.
And anyone who gets in that we don't
want there will get their brains cut out.
- The building will do it automatically.
- How's it know which brains to cut?
Okay, so there will be a tree,
but it's a fake tree with a tunnel.
So anyways, it's not a tree,
it's a tunnel.
And it'll lead you into the fort
through a compartment.
Ira, do you wanna be in charge of
the tunnels because you make great holes?
Wow. Wow.
- I don't want my brains cut out.
- This fort is already making me happy.
Does anybody ever hear me?
We'll take care of each other, and
we'll all sleep together in a real pile.
- What do you think?
- I don't think anything like this...
Ever works, really. If it did...
I don't know. I don't know.
I don't know anything.
- But I do like sleeping in a real pile.
- Carol...
Will you be in charge of building it?
You should definitely be in charge.
You're the only one who can pull it off.
Yeah, well, you're right, but...
Kw, don't you think
that Carol should build it?
Yeah. He's the only one who can.
I'll build it if he doesn't wanna.
Wow.
You really wanna do this?
- Oh, yeah.
- I think it's a perfect idea.
Well, all right. If you wanna do it...
And you want me...
I'd be honored.
- Judy, you would have been good too.
- Yeah.
How about a window here?
We'll put it here.
We'll put the doorway over here.
And your room'll be here.
Just a little more that way.
A little more. Yeah, right there.
Yeah!
How about here? You like it here?
We have to Mark there...
One Mark there, and then
we can have the other Mark over there.
Yeah. A little more this way.
Oh, that's five, Carol.
Seven douglases across,
we'll have the other Mark.
- What have you been eating?
- Rocks.
Rocks. What did I tell you
about eating rocks?
That's six.
You're getting a little paunch.
- Hey, kw. Hey, king.
How about here?
We need seven douglases.
No more and no less.
Seven chubby douglases.
Hey, Carol.
It's gonna be part castle, part fort,
part mountain and part ship.
We'll have a laboratory where we
can build robots to do stuff for us...
Our own detective agency...
And our own language.
And we'll make a machine
that can take our legs off...
And that way, we can float.
All right, Carol!
You smiled.
You can't deny that
this was a good idea.
I didn't deny it.
I believe part of that idea was mine.
What part?
The part where I said,
"yeah, good idea."
I got it.
Got it.
Judith, that tickles. Ha-ha.
I like the tunnel, ira.
- Oh. Impressive.
Why, thank you, king.
Great beams, Douglas. Strong.
Thanks.
Just the standard beams I always do.
Psst. Psst.
What were you doing with Carol
just now?
Just talking.
Oh, a secret, huh?
Let me ask you something.
How does it work around here?
Are we all the same
or are some of us better than others or...?
You like to play favorites,
huh, king?
No, I like all you guys equally.
Don't give me that.
I can see how it is.
The king has favorites.
That's really cute.
Stop! Do you have a favorite color?
Hey, can I be your favorite color?
You know what?
You can't do that back to me.
If we're upset, your job is
not to get upset back at us.
Our job is to be upset.
If I get mad and wanna eat you,
then you have to say:
"Oh, okay. You can eat me.
I love you.
Whatever makes you happy, Judith."
That's what you're supposed to do!
Come on, Max,
let's go get those sticks.
Yeah. Okay.
I hope you heard me, king.
Yeah, he heard you, Judith.
Everyone always hears you.
You think you have power, kw?
That's not real power.
I'm talking to you!
No! Not you.
I'm still talking to kw.
Don't worry about Judith. She's...
A downer.
No, you'll figure it out.
Hey, you should talk to Bob and Terry
about it. Come on.
King.
Seriously, they're really smart.
They have the answers to everything.
Hold on, hold on.
I'm coming.
Well, what do you think?
This is Bob and Terry.
They love it when I do this to them.
Bob, Terry, this is Max.
He's the biter I was telling you about.
Say hi.
Hi.
He wanted to ask you guys some advice.
Go ahead. They're not judgmental.
- You mean just ask them?
- Yeah.
They say it's better for you if you
can ask the question in seven words.
Um... okay.
How...
Do...
I make...
Everyone...
Okay?
Oh, yeah. I didn't think of that.
Wow, they really get to
the heart of it, don't they?
Aren't they great?
What if they came and lived with us?
Bob, Terry, why don't you come live
with us? We're building something great.
Oh, good. Right, Max?
Well, what about Carol?
He's Carol.
I can like him and still be friends
with Bob and Terry.
Hey, Douglas!
Hey! Where's Carol?
He's in the fort!
Aft section, main chamber.
Carol! Carol! The fort looks great.
Yeah. Thanks. We're all working
really hard on it. Where you been?
Well, kw took me to see her friends,
Bob and Terry.
They really wanna meet you.
They may even stay over.
Oh, this is the famous Bob and Terry?
- What? Kw told you about me?
- Hi, guys.
What'd she say?
Oh, precious little
Bob and Terry get carried.
Excuse me... my voice?
Oh, thank you. Thank you.
Yeah, sometimes I...
I know, I know. I am a very lucky man.
Hey, hey, do you guys know any jokes?
Who's there?
Loud interrupting cow...
That's hilarious.
They're amazing, kw.
Max, what's wrong with the fort?
- I thought you said it'd be automatic.
- What?
Well, I thought you said if anybody
got in here we didn't want...
The fort would automatically
cut their brains out.
- Carol.
- Oh, well...
I thought that then, but...
I kind of decided
that if we know them...
They should keep their brains.
Even if we don't know them that well.
I think you should apologize
to Bob and Terry.
I don't apologize to owls.
Owls are stupid.
Carol, that's hateful.
Why would you bring them here?
Huh? This place was supposed to be for us.
They are not sleeping in our pile.
Gee, you're the best king ever.
You've changed everything.
Hey, Carol.
I don't get why she likes them
so much.
And I couldn't even understand
what they were saying.
All I heard was squeaking.
I couldn't really understand
what they were saying either.
- Really?
- Yeah.
Everybody's mad at me.
Is there anything you can do to,
you know?
There's something I like to do
that sometimes makes me feel better.
What is it?
Okay, we're gonna have a war.
And we're gonna completely clobber
each other.
Clobber each other?
Yeah, with huge dirt clods.
I used to do it a ton
when I was a little kid.
Yep, we've not had a dirt-clod fight
in a long time.
Yeah. It's the best way
to have fun together.
Yeah, life was simpler back then
with the dirt clods.
- Yeah.
- So who wants to be a bad guy?
Okay. I'll pick one, then.
- Okay, you're a bad guy.
- Yeah, I saw that coming.
And then you're definitely a bad guy.
- What? Damn.
- And you can pick one other.
- I'll be bad. Really.
- Okay, we pick you.
No. No, I can't be a bad guy.
I'm the king. I'm a good guy.
- I'm a bad guy. I'm a bad guy. A bad guy.
- Okay, you can be a bad guy.
- Judy, I'm with you.
- Yeah, I heard.
And you, uh...
- He's with you.
- Am I a good guy?
Yes, of course. You have the best arm.
Hey, where were you?
I was just making sure Bob and Terry
still have their brains.
- Kw!
- They do.
Hey, kw, you wanna be on my team?
We're the bad guys.
No! No, no. No, you're with us.
You're a good guy.
Yeah, come on, kw, be a good guy.
Okay, so you're on my team.
You and me and Carol.
Hi, kw.
So, what we're gonna do is
we're gonna try to kill the bad guys...
By beaning them in the head
with these dirt clods.
We're gonna try to find
the biggest pieces...
- Whoa!
- Ha-ha! You didn't see that coming!
Run for cover! Run!
You'd better run.
Hey, wait. You didn't make
the official starting noise.
Sorry.
Run! Come on!
Look out for the bad guys.
We got them pinned down.
They can't even move.
- Fire on three!
- Okay.
One, two, three!
You guys are gonna...
Wait, wait, wait. I have an idea.
Come out!
No!
Why not?
Uh, because you're gonna hit us
in the head with dirt.
Come out!
No!
Why not?
When I said you were gonna hit us
in the head, you didn't say anything!
That means you're planning
to hit us in the head with dirt!
- Man, they really have us figured out.
- Yeah.
Okay. Let's go!
Charge!
Ira! Get Carol.
Good shot. I'm gonna get you!
Hey. Who threw Richard?
Well, he's on our team now.
- Gotcha. No animals!
It really hurts! It's hurting!
- Hey, Douglas. Get the goat.
- Okay.
- Knock his legs out.
- Got it.
That's cheating!
I'm not gonna play anymore!
- Alexander, come on. Fight with us.
- Do it again.
- That's... that's not fair! Are you crazy?
- You're supposed to get hit. It's a war.
That wasn't fair. Douglas hit me
when I was hurt.
You can't hit someone
when they're hurt. I quit.
Get back in here, right now.
- Alex, count to 10. Things will get better.
- Alexander, don't you cry!
If I count to 10, will you be gone, ira?
- Don't you dare talk to ira the way I do.
- Knock it off!
- That's my eye. Run! Come on.
Look out! Run.
Oh, Carol. I'm sorry.
What happened? Ha-ha-ha.
Somebody step on your head?
What are you doing?
- What?
- Don't step on my head.
What do you mean? It's a war.
Douglas just did it.
Yeah, but he did it by accident,
you did it on purpose.
And he didn't step on
the face part of my head.
It was a joke.
I was just joking.
Sure you were.
Like you aren't always looking for
the opportunity to step on my head.
Because that's what you do.
Fine. Fine. You know what?
This is exactly why I don't ever wanna
do anything with you anymore.
Go ahead.
Step on my head.
No, forget it. I'm not gonna step on
your head just to make you feel better.
Let's go, Douglas.
Carol, I think you did the right thing.
You know, not stepping on her head.
Thanks, Max.
But I'm done.
I don't know why I came back here.
I'm glad I met you, I guess.
So, king, what's going on?
This is how you rule a kingdom?
Everyone fighting?
The bad guys feel bad.
Hell, everyone feels bad.
Yeah, I'm still sort of dizzy.
My eyeballs feel loose.
Can it, ira.
Everyone's eyeballs feel loose.
No.
Max'll bring kw back.
He'll keep us all together.
He has powers. He told us.
Right, Max?
Show us.
Uh-oh. Somebody broke the king.
I don't get it. Oh, wait, I do.
It's stupid.
I think he's done now.
That's what we waited for?
Carol?
Hi.
- Is that from the dirt clods?
- Yeah.
It's from when you had Douglas hit me.
I'm sorry about that.
It's okay.
No one really listens to you, huh?
Oh, you've noticed.
Yeah, I guess you're not used to that,
being a king and all.
I really messed this place up.
You're not really a king, huh?
You're just regular.
I knew it.
I don't even know
if there is such a thing...
As a king who can do
all the things you said.
Look, I don't care.
Just don't ever let Carol find out.
He's a terrible king.
Where is he from?
Where does he go?
Why isn't he helping us?
I wanna eat them up.
Hey, Max...
What's that?
Well, I was thinking we needed
a place...
Where the king is secret.
Like a secret chamber for the king.
Well, I don't understand. What...?
Well, you know, like a small place...
With a door that's not so big.
I don't know.
I didn't picture it with secret doors.
What if it were a big place
with big secret doors?
That... that's not really
how it would be done.
It's more like... it's like a...
About that big?
Everybody get out here.
Wake up.
Everybody wake up!
All right, get out here!
Ira, what is that?
Everybody, wake up. It's Carol.
I knew it was gonna happen.
Judy, Judy.
It's all wrong.
It wasn't supposed to be like this.
Judith, what's happening right now?
Judith?
Wake up and come out here.
What is it? What's he saying?
Get out here!
What's he talking about?
It's wrong.
I can't even look at it.
What is it? The fort.
- We gotta tear the fort down.
- What?
It wasn't supposed to be like this.
No, Carol.
You said we were all gonna sleep
together in a real pile.
And now you want a secret room.
And kw's gone for good.
Now I have to worry if the sun
is gonna die. Look at it.
It didn't come up. It's dead.
What? It's dark.
- Oh, my god.
- Dead?
- Carol, stop!
- It's dead. It's dead.
- You're scaring everybody.
- It's morning.
The sun's not dead,
it's just nighttime.
How do you know?
I can't trust what you say.
Everything keeps changing. All right,
come on, we're ripping it down.
Carol, we're not ripping the fort down!
It was supposed to be where only things
you wanted to happen would happen.
Come on, Douglas,
do what I tell you.
No! We all live here, not just you.
It... it's everybody's.
Judith and ira and everybody.
- Oh, finally.
- You were supposed to keep us safe...
And take care of us, and you didn't.
- Carol.
- I'm sorry!
- That's not good enough. Carol.
You're a terrible king.
Carol! What?
- He's not our king. What?
Don't say that. How could you say that?
Don't you dare say that.
There's no such thing as a king.
Don't you say that.
He's just a boy pretending to be a wolf
pretending to be a king.
That's not true.
- He's just like us.
- Oh, why don't I listen to myself?
That's not true!
Look, I just went along with it
because I knew you wanted it so much.
- Don't say that!
- Don't! Carol, stop it!
- Oh, no!
- Stop it, what are you doing?
Carol! What?
That was my favorite arm.
Well, I was just holding onto it.
You pulled away.
- What?
- Carol, stop it!
- You lied?
- You're out of control!
I'm not out of control.
You were supposed to take care of us.
You promised!
I'll eat you up!
Come back here!
Max!
Come on. Come here.
Get in. Get inside.
Get in. Crawl inside my mouth.
I'll hide you.
Max!
Hi, Richard.
- Where is he? I don't know.
Where? I don't know!
I can smell him!
- I just wanna talk to him.
- You're out of control!
I'm not out of control!
You were gonna eat him.
No, no. I was... I wasn't gonna...
I don't know, I just said it!
Am I as bad as he says I am?
Just go away.
I just wanted us all to be together.
Can you believe him?
He doesn't mean to be that way, kw.
He's just scared.
Well, he only makes it harder.
And it's hard enough already.
And he loves you. You're his family.
Yeah.
It's hard being a family.
I can't breathe that well in here.
Can you get me out?
I wish you guys had a mom.
I'm gonna go home.
Carol!
Max.
Well, um...
Yeah.
So, what ever happened
with you and the vikings?
Well, in the end...
I had to leave.
Why?
I'm not a viking or a king...
Or anything.
So, what are you?
I'm Max.
Well...
That's not very much, is it?
Hey, Max?
Yeah?
When you go home...
Will you say good things about us?
Yeah. I will.
Thanks, Max.
You're the first king
we haven't eaten.
Yeah, it's true.
See you.
Bye, Max.
Bye.
Don't go.
I'll eat you up, I love you so.